README.md, before:

# Smapshot Mobile Application

### What is Smapshot?
See Smapshot's website [here](https://smapshot.heig-vd.ch/).

### What is Smapshot mobile application?
This codebase is the work of two master thesis students where the focus is on developing a mobile application prototype with the feature of retaking historical photographs. Rephotography allows us to compare the past with the present. A part from development, this thesis also includes carrying out a user-centered design process (UCD) and geospatial research.

For now, this work is only available for Android and not iOS. The mobile app includes two photographs to retake in Yverdon: one test photo and one from Smapshot archives.

## Permissions
The mobile application requires three permissions:
* Location - to display your current location and photos to retake nearby.
* Camera - to take photos with your camera.
* Storage - to store photos captured.

## Contributors
* Christoffer Karlsson - master thesis student
* Alfred Hirschfeld - master thesis student

## Developer notes
If you want to improve, contribute to the project or download this repository and set up, check [developer_notes.md](https://github.com/Christoffer9612/smapshot-application/blob/master/developer_notes.md) for more detailed information.

## APK
APK stands for Android Package Kit, a file format that Android uses to distribute and install apps. APKs contain all the elements that an app needs to install correctly on your device. 

*Will be released in the future for the public to try out.* 

## Example
![](https://github.com/Christoffer9612/smapshot-application/blob/master/transparency_demo.gif)

Commit message:

API class for handling API reqs, design tweaks, readme updated

README.md, after:

# Smapshot Mobile Application

### What is Smapshot?
Smapshot is a web-based platform with the goal of creating a virtual 3D globe by georeferencing photos. See Smapshot's website [here](https://smapshot.heig-vd.ch/).

#### What is Smapshot mobile application?
This codebase is the work of two master thesis students, developing a mobile application prototype for Smapshot. This proof of concept demonstrates what such a mobile app could look like. The focus of the app is to retake historical photographs from Smapshot. Rephotography allows us to compare and analyze the past with the present, which has great environmental value.

This prototype has been usability tested twice, by eight test-users in total.

This prototype is only available for Android smartphones. The mobile app includes two photographs to retake in Yverdon-les-Bains, Switzerland: one test photo from the office of St Roch and one photo from Smapshot archives.

## Permissions
The mobile app requires three permissions:

📍 Location - to display your current location.

📸 Camera - to take photos with your camera.

💾 Storage - to store photos captured.

## Contributors
* Christoffer Karlsson - master thesis student
* Alfred Hirschfeld - master thesis student

## Developer notes
If you want to improve, contribute to the project or download this repository and set up, check [developer_notes.md](https://github.com/Christoffer9612/smapshot-application/blob/master/developer_notes.md) for more detailed information.

## APK
APK stands for Android Package Kit, a file format that Android uses to distribute and install apps.

*APK will be released in soon for the public to try out.* 

## Thesis report
*Will be linked here when published.* 

## Example
![](https://github.com/Christoffer9612/smapshot-application/blob/master/transparency_demo.gif)
